Step 1
Start by setting up your HTML structure. 
Add a <!DOCTYPE> declaration and an html 
element with a lang attribute set to en. 
Within the html element, add a head element 
and a body element.

Step 2
Within your head element, add a meta 
tag with the charset attribute set to 
utf-8. Also add a title element with 
the text Picasso Painting.

Step 3
Go ahead and link your CSS file now, even 
though you have not written any CSS yet.

Add a link element with a rel of stylesheet 
and an href of styles.css.

Step 4
FontAwesome is a library of SVG-powered 
icons, many of which are freely available 
to use. You will be using some of these 
icons in this project, so you will need 
to link the external stylesheet to your 
HTML.

Add a link element with a rel of 
stylesheet and an href of 
https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.8.2/css/all.css.

Step 5
To get your painting started, give your 
body element a background-color of rgb(184, 132, 46).

Step 6
Within your body tag, add a div element. 
Give it an id of back-wall.

Step 7
Use an id selector to give the element with the 
id back-wall a background-color of #8B4513.

Step 8
Give the #back-wall element a width of 100% 
and a height of 60%.

Step 9
Typically, HTML is rendered in a top-down manner. 
Elements at the top of the code are positioned at 
the top of the page. However, many times you may 
want to move the elements to different positions. 
You can do this with the position property.

Set the position property for the #back-wall element 
to absolute. An absolute position takes the element 
out of that top-down document flow and allows you to 
adjust it relative to its container.

When an element is manually positioned, you can shift 
its layout with top, left, right, and bottom. Set the 
#back-wall element to have a top value of 0, and a 
left value of 0.

Step 10
The z-index property is used to create "layers" for 
your HTML elements. If you are familiar with image 
editing tools, you may have worked with layers before. 
This is a similar concept.

Elements with a higher z-index value will appear to 
be layered on top of elements with a lower z-index 
value. This can be combined with the positioning in the 
previous lesson to create unique effects.

Since the back-wall element will need to appear "behind" 
the other elements you will be creating, give the 
back-wall element a z-index of -1.

Step 11
Below your #back-wall element, create a div with a class 
of characters. This is where you will be creating your 
painting's characters.

Step 12
Inside that .characters element, create another div with 
an id of offwhite-character.

Step 13
Create four div elements inside your offwhite-character 
element. Give those div elements the following id values, 
in order: white-hat, black-mask, gray-instrument, tan-table.

Step 14
This character needs eyes. Create two div elements in the 
#black-mask element. Give them the classes eyes left and 
eyes right, in that order.

Step 15
Create some "dots" for the instrument. Add five div elements 
within your #gray-instrument element. Set the class of each 
to black-dot.

Step 16
Using an id selector, create a rule for the element with the 
id offwhite-character. Give it a width of 300px, a height of 
550px, and a background-color of GhostWhite.

Step 17
Move the #offwhite-character into place by giving it a 
position of absolute, a top value of 20%, and a left value 
of 17.5%.

Step 18
Using an id selector, style the element with the id white-hat. 
Give it a width and height of 0, and a border-style of solid.

Step 19
That does not look quite right. Set a border-width of 0 120px 
140px 180px to size the hat properly.

Step 20
Now you have a large box. Give it a border-top-color, 
border-right-color, and border-left-color of transparent. 
Set the border-bottom-color to GhostWhite. This will make it 
look more like a hat.

Step 21
Give the hat a position of absolute, a top value of -140px, 
and a left value of 0.

Step 22
Using an id selector, create a rule for the element with the 
id black-mask. Give it a width of 100%, a height of 50px, 
and a background-color of rgb(45, 31, 19).

Step 23
Give the mask a position of absolute, and a top and left value of 0.

Step 24
To ensure you can see the mask, give it a z-index of 1.

Step 25
Using an id selector, give the element with the id 
gray-instrument a width of 15%, a height of 40%, and a 
background-color of rgb(167, 162, 117).

Step 26
Now move it into place with a position of absolute, a 
top value of 50px, and a left value of 125px.

Step 27
Set the z-index to 1.

Step 28
Use a class selector to create a rule for the elements 
with black-dot class. Set the width to 10px, the height 
to 10px, and the background-color to rgb(45, 31, 19).

Step 29
These dots are just a little too square. Give the 
black-dot class a border-radius of 50% to fix it.

Step 30
Move the dots into place by setting the display to 
block, the margin to auto, and the margin-top to 65%.

